hello everybody here is the adrian
and today I'll be studying for you how you can do to stop
the sin of a kubica who's game
and when you do it on the internet it came by weed
point one gcm better saying in extension point gcm
it's very simple
emphasis too
What are you going to do? You're going to rename it right.
I'm back gcm
With all that
this will not change in anything will make us abate you will simply
rename it the version for all this
better pointing pointed out that
and these two is that only here that is here on earth what I do with them
usually these two listeners
I have been together with you with what you have marked
so these two is what I will have are files with information from the person who
not only the club on the internet, it's ok
are files s sds
what are the information
the more important you are to rename
the gcm file for that point
and re-record
your backup and your doctor
in my case I had version 2 0 6
because the version I consider faster
It's the best for me too.
allow working with it
comes the following theme is secret you will open from 8pm open a
existing cooperation
makli kalai I'm going to wait
with the
where is sony this for you locations to see if you are making a
recording
backup your renault
here it is well on the screen bril to perform work platform work
I just complicate it and I'm not going to record it, I'm just going to show it to you guys.
You'll stay in the fight's story.
stays open
the new mandate
eder will appear on the screen is later
asking you the wasps that way you want it to be aggravated only
that
You do not change anything, you're just going to be unemployed.
to record as fast as possible
I recommend is always making these dvd recordings in general
on four keys is ok
so this is ok, any questions
posted on youtube channel comment
on my blog see you later